autoupdate-packages
===

[Changelog is available here](https://github.com/wufuC/atom-autoupdate-packages/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

---

A rewrite of [yujinakayama](https://github.com/yujinakayama/)'s excellent [auto-update-packages](https://github.com/yujinakayama/atom-auto-update-packages)

---

Why a rewrite?

yujinakayama's auto-update-packages works, although I would like to be allowed to disable the notifications (i.e. keeping my packages up-to-date automatically *and silently*). The same feature has already been requested by other users months ago, too. Unfortunately, yujinakayama might be too busy to add new codes. The package's Github issue page also lists a number of longstanding feature requests. I guess I can help making everyone's life slightly better;)

This started off as a series of hacks that attempt to provide the desired features/options. After a few hours of polishing, it turns into something that is difficult to be merged back into to yujinakayama's source. Therefore, I rewrote (with a few lines of codes borrowed from yujinakayama) and renamed it as a standalone package. The difference (feature-wise) between these two packages is trivial, though. If yujinakayama's auto-update-packages works well for you, please stay with his package.


|                                       | This package | yujinakayama's<br>package |
|---------------------------------------|:------------:|:-------------------------:|
| Keep packages update-to-date          | ✓            | ✓                         |
| Send notification                     | ✓#           | ✓$<br> (OS X 10.8+ only)  |
| Can mute notification                 | ✓            |                           |
| Can confirm before updating           | ✓            |                           |
| Auto dismiss 'X update(s)' button     | ✓*           |                           |
| Minimum interval between update-check | 1 hour^      | 15 mins                   |

\# Use Atom's notification system, should be platform-independent. Require the bundled `notifications` package.

$ Use `terminal-notifer`. Messages are sent to the Notification Center on Mac OS X 10.8 or higher.

^ Who needs shorter than this?

\* The blue 'X update(s)' button in the status bar is automatically generated by Atom's bundled `settings-view` package in every new window when outdated package(s) is/are detected. Currently, `settings-view` does not provide a way to disable this feature, but `autoupdate-packages` can try hunting the button down.

---

*Tested on OS X 10.11 (El Capitan). Please report back if it fails on your system.*
